damage setup on vehicle inspection

pickup does it check driver?

payment have a back button
approve and disapprove no more
review


referral, in accepting t should show the name who referred him/her


municipality, ncr caloocan pasig, city of manila
province location
accept user from notification

users joined recently by default



booking not notified to the user

car tracking
double peso sign

driver sele driver shouldnt e clickable

driuver click same car even locked

driver shouldnt see the psat trip
driver inspection open instead of select button

driver can pickup without paying

driver location not showend
driver no gps should be required
inspection double save, also car track is not auto refresh

damage not working

driver mytrips history 


audit log return car


fail test still upcoming
questions maam
1. booking driver





maintenance seperate the next maintenance date
maintenance audit

partial payment add another column

car track should have a view booking
connect to the user and list of referral

notification notify customer, 

booking
view theinventory does not retrieve 


1. booking should start with 'to pay' status
tapos pag nagpay upcoming , then if failed remain to pay

if after 12hours still to pay then auto cancelled
now if to pay is the system, and like if dapat i check padin niya kung yyung booking time and date is valid
kasi diba possible na kungkelan siya nagbayad biglang nagmaintenance yunf kotse or like may another booking.





pending not yet done or handled

once booking and such are done in the 001

change the code of like the audit log for it.

after that audit log, you can check and test the dashboard and other parts


pending user, -> connect the user referral code
and add it to account

booking should add cancelled and to pay payment
annalyze the issue with refund and payment

the car track of payment add? should create transaction log
and add it to the current payment modal


connected modals should have a back or return button when opened


117 pending...
dumb - payment




Good afternoon po, Ma'am Arlene
Follow up question lang po ma'am

Yung rest poba ng driver Ma'am, cinconsider poba natin sila sa usapan during renting po? Like kung may nagbook poba ng more than 22 hours with driver po may rest period poba na usapan po?

Kung sakali po na more than 22 hours po yung booking, Example po nagbook ako Sunday ng 7am until Monday 10 pm,  Pano po resting ni driver po duon ma'am? Yung mga lunchbreak, dinnerbreak, breakfast, Sleep break po?




2. Pagdating naman po ma'am sa gas, tama poba ma'am Si client po magbabayad ng gas kung may driver?





117 pending driver view history 
before and after shows no record despite

map dont show the all locations picked



dashboard
id expired still remains in warning despite it expired alread

customer paying dont allow partial anymore
paymongo refuses to change it

driver dispatch make it view or close details so they dont stack big

map dont show the all locations picked

start pickup on mytrips
keep on refusing to have the vehicle inspection checked, not responding and instead shows that vehicle inspection was not yet done

payments ref dont save

refunds dont notify correctly and the status dont change when refunding 
even the amount it should check the total balance instead of the initial payment

what status does the refund of payment changes into?
bookings status didnot change when refund was there

pending status of booking and payment is on main claude




001 the driver dispatch setup and desing ui
main -> status
117 none


refund request , should have a view button of booking or payments 

maintenance make it clickable the buttons
make highlight when the maintenance table was selected
overdue make it have a sign beside the date





car tracking show the booking info
give notification bell customer when  discount was given
discount received show profile


booking discount notification
booking failed
booking refund



3 days 1k deposit
more than 3 days walang 1k deposit?

time request instead kung kelan inapprove



pending status payment have approve reject  
payment should have a vei booking 

when returned and late should have 100 pesos
so return should show the penalty
+ column in payments Penalty,  
and hte idea pending 1000 to return 


terms and condition -  

return with 1k deposit - > terms and condition

pending the 12 hours -> palugid
pending compelte list of database location


payment seperate 1k security columnd
seperate penalties

adjust date ng booking b4 return

customer 1 day disable after post rental
customer booking should add that to verify


pickuup automate the maintenance schedule

terms and condition 
driver

schematic diagram ng int

pending list access ng users


vehicle inspection

pending remove driver inspection
fleet
penalty issue

user was copied wrong
copy paste it and save it in account instea dof 
it should be accountjsx not profile.

driver was removed but hte 
001 penalties
117 fleet fix


drivers left view main claude 11:50pm
